well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
healing and unity
in the united states it is a hot topic
among
those in power right now but as
is typically the case i feel like they
may be
coming from a different place than us
common folk
down here on the bottom because they
seem to be under the impression that
we can't have healing we can't
reestablish unity
if we you know seek to engage in
impeachment
or prosecution it's because they have
different
ideas about what we mean when we say
healing
they're talking about their political
careers
there are a whole lot of senators who
think that when we say that
we're uh talking about healing their
career
or healing the republican party or
healing the two-party power structure
those of us on the bottom we don't care
about that that's not what we mean
we're talking about healing the country
part of the problem is that a whole
bunch of ambitious people
put their party or their own personal
career over the country
the united states was stabbed in the
back
by the dagger of authoritarianism
those who enabled authoritarianism to
rise
well they're kind of part of that the
united states can't heal
until that dagger is removed
it doesn't have to be through
impeachment
prosecution those people who are saying
that they really care about healing and
unity
they could resign and for once
put the country above their own
political aspirations
over their own ambition because that's
what caused this
a whole bunch of people fell in line
behind trump
because they thought it would be
politically advantageous and it was for
a short time
they thought it might help them all they
had to do was settle for the crumbs from
trump's table for a little bit
and then they'd be the one in charge
that's normally not how it works
just so you know those who want to
heal the country those who want to
reassert unity
who also played a hand in will
being that dagger they need to resign
that's the only way we're going to get
to where we want to go
the united states can come back from
this
it's going to take a long time once
those
who enabled that dagger
to be firmly planted in the back of the
united states
are no longer in public office then we
can start to move back
but while they're still there we can't
we can't because we do not know when one
of them is going to make the attempt
to undermine the very foundations of
this country again
so if you're one of those who is
currently being held accountable for
your actions for the first time in your
life
i would strongly suggest
you really take a look at
what you think is important and
match your rhetoric to it because if you
only care about your political career
this rhetoric about unity and healing we
see right through it
because if you cared about that you
wouldn't be giving speeches except for
your resignation
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day